Documentation for the CoreEval feature (#799)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/coreeval/local-testnet.md

> # Create a Local Testnet

Reviewer: We already have a section for this: https://docs.agoric.com/guides/dapps/starting-multiuser-dapps.html

To create, start, and deploy an Agoric contract to a local Agoric Testnet, do the following:

> 1. Install *Go* if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install *Go* if needed. For example:
```

Installing `go` with `brew` assumes a mac with `brew` installed. Our [platform section](https://docs.agoric.com/guides/getting-started/#platform-linux-shell-or-equivalent) says we support linux, MacOS, and WSL.

Building the `go` stuff is something we left out of the SDK 'till now. It merits its own section. In [Getting Started](https://docs.agoric.com/guides/getting-started/). The idea was that it wasn't needed for smart contract development. With the smart wallet architecture, this is no longer really viable.

Reviewer: p.s. the https://docs.agoric.com/guides/dapps/starting-multiuser-dapps.html looks like it discusses building the `go` stuff.

Author: I've moved the installation of Go to the Getting Started section in another PR.

Also, I changed the installation instructions so they're platform agnostic. (I hadn't realized that "brew" was Mac-specific.)

	```
    brew install go
    ```
2. Navigate to `<agoric-sdk>/packages/cosmic-swingset` and run `make`.
3. Prepare the chain and solo nodes.

	```jsx
	make scenario2-setup BASE_PORT=8000 NUM_SOLOS=0
	```
4. Start the chain.

	```jsx

> 	make scenario2-run-chain

Reviewer: can we use `agoric start local-chain` instead? I'd rather not promote the `scenario2` stuff in the cosmic-swingset `Makefile` to a product feature.

Author: We can, but let's do this in a separate PR; I was able to troubleshoot the "This project isn't in a folder created by agoric init" error, but I've run into a different error, and this one doesn't have a helpful error message. I'll ping you or mfig to work through it.

Author: All the "make scenario2" commands have been converted to various "agoric XXX" commands.

	```
5. Switch to another terminal and wait for the first block to be produced.

> 6. Navigate to `<agoric-sdk>/bin` and start the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Navigate to `<agoric-sdk>/bin` and submit the governance proposal.
```

It doesn't start a client running.

Reviewer: And this isn't part of starting a local chain; it shouldn't be under than heading.

Author: I made the changes suggested above.

In addition, to address your second issue, (i.e., "it shouldn't be under that heading") I change the title of the topic to "Deploy a Governance Proposal to a Local  Testnet" so that it properly reflects all the actions described in the topic.

Reviewer: > I made the changes suggested above.

Did you push it yet? The most recent commit I see in this PR is on May 24 b22d2dd8d02b7b8b3bf6210d1d763eb4565687f8 .

To create, start, and deploy an Agoric governance proposal to a local Agoric Testnet, do the following:

1. If you're using a Mac, ensure that you have [Xcode](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835) installed.
2. Create a project folder that will allow you to run a local blockchain:

	```jsx
	agoric init <The name of your project>
	```
    
    For example, if you wanted to run your local blockchain from a folder named "Demo", you'd run this command:
    
    ```jsx
    agoric init Demo
    ```

	**Note:** Your project folder should *not* be located within your local clone of the agoric SDK.

3. Install additional dependencies by entering your project folder and running the following command.

	```jsx
    cd <Name of your project (e.g., Demo)>
    agoric install
    ```

4.  Start the chain by running the following command. (**Note:** You should still be located within your project folder.)

	```jsx
	agoric start local-chain --verbose --reset
	```

> 5. Wait for the first block to be produced.

Reviewer: "How can I tell?" I can imagine our audience asking. I suggest providing an example log entry showing a block being produced.

(suggestion; not critical / important)
